- [Frank] Now that we have gone through
the framework in depth,
we are ready for some next steps,
but let's look at where we have been first.
As we begin our review,
we talked about the inversion of control container
and what it means to the Spring framework.
We then discussed configuring
the application context using Java.
We then diverged from the Java
and talked about component scanning
and using that, especially with simpler classes,
to configure our application context
in order for inversion of control to work.
We then spent a significant amount of time
talking about the Spring Bean lifecycle,
a very important concept on your Spring journey,
so that you can understand,
not only how the framework works,
but how to extend that knowledge into other aspects
of either contributing or building better applications.
And finally, we walked through the all-powerful
aspecting in Spring.
So, where do you go next?
Certification should probably be one of the first things
that you think of.
If you take a look at my
Learning Spring with Spring Boot course and this course,
you essentially have about 80 to 85%
of all the material covered in the Spring training guide.
So I would highly recommend you go through
that training guide and build your knowledge
around all of those topics and go get certified.
You also should take a little bit of time
and look at a real world aspecting example,
maybe in a side project you're doing
or maybe in real production code,
and see if you can't implement an aspect
using what you've learned here.
Then, I would take a look at a running application
and see if there's some use cases
where you can inject into the lifecycle
some behavior that you're currently doing in another way.
And as always, continue learning.
Everything in Spring is constantly changing,
as well as the rest of software engineering.
So the more you learn,
the better you'll be prepared for tomorrow.
I want to take a final moment here to thank you.
I want to thank you especially for your time.
My commitment to you doesn't end here,
but I know that your time commitment is significantly more.
I do encourage you to reach out to me,
either through the Q and A section here
or on various social media platforms like Twitter,
GitHub, or Stack Overflow,
where my handle is @fpmoles.
If you have any questions, comments,
or want some clarification around anything
in the Spring world,
whether it's in one of my courses or not.
Again, I definitely appreciate your time
and enjoy your learning journey with Spring.